README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Ikape Isaac


### Software Engineer | React | React Native | Node JS, 

A results-driven Front-End developer with over 3 years of experience building iOS, Android, and web applications. Proven ability to drive impactful improvements in user engagement, app performance, and team collaboration. Key projects include Amsos, Niteon, Africartz, and Codemaniac. Adept at delivering seamless, user-centric solutions through strong front-end design and robust back-end logic.


## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Golang](https://img.shields.io/badge/Golang-%2300ADD8.svg?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-%2320232a?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node-%2320232a?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms:

![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=flat&logo=firebase)
![Appwrite](https://img.shields.io/badge/appwrite-%23F02E65.svg?style=flat&logo=appwrite&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

### Backend:

![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgresql-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

### Package Managers & Build Tools:

![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![pnpm](https://img.shields.io/badge/pnpm-%23F69220.svg?style=flat&logo=pnpm&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=flat&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Webpack-8DD6F9?style=flat&logo=webpack&logoColor=white)

### State Management & Query:

![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=flat&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Redux Toolkit](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux_toolkit-%23593d88.svg?style=flat&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=flat&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white)
![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=flat&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white)

### Version Control & Collaboration:

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)










---

| <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=ikape&theme=tokyonight&stroke=DD59CF&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&hide_border=true" alt="ikape's GitHub stats" /> | <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ikape&langs_count=8&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&stroke=DD59CF&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&hide_border=true" alt="ikape's GitHub stats" /> |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

---

Commit message:

Revise README to highlight full stack engineering skills
Updated professional title and description to reflect full stack capabilities and experience.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Ikape Isaac


### Software Engineer | Frontend Engineer | Backend Engineer | Mobile Engineer 

Results-oriented Backend-Focused Full Stack Engineer and IT Specialist with 3+ years of hands-on experience
designing, developing, and deploying scalable Node.js, NestJS, and TypeScript applications. Proven track record
building robust backend architectures, API-driven systems, and reliable messaging pipelines. Skilled in developing
microservices, managing queues, retries, and background workers, and implementing billing, monitoring, and
CI/CD pipelines for production-ready environments across e-commerce, B2B, and fintech sectors.


## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Golang](https://img.shields.io/badge/Golang-%2300ADD8.svg?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-%2320232a?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node-%2320232a?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms:

![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=flat&logo=firebase)
![Appwrite](https://img.shields.io/badge/appwrite-%23F02E65.svg?style=flat&logo=appwrite&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

### Backend:

![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgresql-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

### Package Managers & Build Tools:

![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![pnpm](https://img.shields.io/badge/pnpm-%23F69220.svg?style=flat&logo=pnpm&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=flat&logo=vite&logoColor=white)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Webpack-8DD6F9?style=flat&logo=webpack&logoColor=white)

### State Management & Query:

![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=flat&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Redux Toolkit](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux_toolkit-%23593d88.svg?style=flat&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=flat&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white)
![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=flat&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white)

### Version Control & Collaboration:

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)










---

| <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=ikape&theme=tokyonight&stroke=DD59CF&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&hide_border=true" alt="ikape's GitHub stats" /> | <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ikape&langs_count=8&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&stroke=DD59CF&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&hide_border=true" alt="ikape's GitHub stats" /> |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

---
